1.start button
2.timer(countdown)
3.timer will remove after 0
4.history will be in 3columns but on mobile devices history will be one by one
5.second will be in INT,without decimal.
6.finished modal in tha middle 

Optional:
type speed koto?
lekha boro hoile wrap hbe.


bonus:
1.error counts will be in finished modal(red marked letters)
2.git commit
3.blog.html file

in blog:
1.What are the differences between Local Storage and Session Storage?

LocalStorage and sessionStorage are almost identical and have the same API. The difference is that with sessionStorage, the data is persisted only until the window or tab is closed. With localStorage, the data is persisted until the user manually clears the browser cache or until your web app clears the data. 

2.What are the differences between Global Scope and Block Scope?

The variables defined outside of any function or curly brackets are known as global variables and have global scope. Global scope means that the variables can be accessed from any part of that program, any function or conditional state can access that variable.
Block scope is also a sub-type of local scope. The block scope can be defined as the scope of the variables inside the curly brackets {}. Now, these curly brackets can be of loops, or conditional statements, or something else. You are only allowed to refer to these variables from within the curly brackets {}.

3.What is the Mechanism of Event-Loop in JavaScript?

An event loop is something that pulls stuff out of the queue and places it onto the function execution stack whenever the function stack becomes empty.
The event loop is the secret by which JavaScript gives us an illusion of being multithreaded even though it is single-threaded.

4.How many ways there to get UNDEFINED?

The undefined is a primitive type in JavaScript.So the undefined is a type and the undefined type has exactly one value that is undefined.<br>
The ways of getting UNDEFINED are:<br>
When you declare a variable and don’t initialize it to a value, the variable will have a value of undefined.<br>
If you access a non-existing property of an object, you’ll get undefined.<br>
When you call a function with a number of parameters, you often pass the same number of arguments.Otherwise you will get undefined.<br>
A function without a return statement or with a return statement but without an expression returns undefined.<br>
When you access an array element that is out-of-bounds, you’ll get the undefined.<br>




Submission:
1.private repo link
2.netlify deployed link
3.blog.html netlify link